DOC: stats: Move biomedical examples to notebooks (#21042)
scipy/scipy: doc/source/tutorial/stats/hypothesis_kendalltau.md

data from independent distributions that produces such an extreme value of the
statistic - this may be taken as evidence against the null hypothesis in favor
of the alternative: the distribution of total collagen and free proline are
*not* independent. Note that:

- The inverse is not true; that is, the test is not used to provide
  evidence for the null hypothesis.
- The threshold for values that will be considered "small" is a choice that
  should be made before the data is analyzed [^3] with consideration of the
  risks of both false positives (incorrectly rejecting the null hypothesis)
  and false negatives (failure to reject a false null hypothesis).
- Small p-values are not evidence for a *large* effect; rather, they can
  only provide evidence for a "significant" effect, meaning that they are
  unlikely to have occurred under the null hypothesis.

For samples without ties of moderate size, {func}`scipy.stats.kendalltau` can
compute the p-value exactly. However, in the presence of ties,
{func}`scipy.stats.kendalltau` resorts to an asymptotic approximation.
Nonetheless, we can use a permutation test to compute the null distribution

> exactly: Under the null hypothesis thattotal collagen and free proline are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exactly: Under the null hypothesis that total collagen and free proline are
```
